Add GitHub OAuth App Permission issue to PR Builder Troubleshooting docs (#6547)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/guides/autobuild-docs-for-pull-requests.rst

   that you Read the Docs account is connected with that providers social account.
   You can check this by going to your `profile settings`_.

#. **Build status is not being reported on your Pull/Merge Request**.

>    You need to make sure that you have granted access to ReadtheDocs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You need to make sure that you have granted access to the Read the Docs
```
